
A Place to Begin Again
We are here to help you regroup, refocus, and re-establish your life…
The 3 ways to become a resident at Dallas LIFE:

Anyone receiving Social Security or disability benefits must pay $15 per night, even if participating in Homeless No More or Overcomers program.
Pay-to-Stay

    $15 per night to stay at Dallas LIFE.
    Your first 3 days are free of charge.

Homeless No More /Overcomers

As a Homeless No More Program or Overcomers Program resident – participate in our 10-month recovery program where you will work part of the day and attend classes. For the first month you are not allowed to leave the property. In the third month you will begin to look for work. In the final phase we will help place you in affordable housing. Your first 3 days are free of charge.
What to Do Next…

If you would like to know more about staying at Dallas LIFE, you should call us at 214.421.1380. You will talk to someone who can tell you about our basic requirements, and what you need to bring with you.
RESIDENT GUIDELINES
Request More Information
Important things to know before your arrival:

• Dallas LIFE is not a domestic violence shelter.

If you are a victim of domestic violence, we can provide names of shelters for you to contact.

• You cannot stay at Dallas LIFE if you:

– Have an assault charge, sex crime, heinous crime(arson, injury to a child, etc.)

– Have protective orders on your record.

• Dallas LIFE will not accept men on parole
RESIDENT GUIDELINES
Request More Information
How Intake Works…

#DallasLIFE is accepting walk-up homeless guests without an appointment! Intake is 1 p.m. – 8 p.m., Monday – Friday but you can show up earlier than 1 pm and reserve your spot in our brand new Welcome Center! You must have ID and documents to proceed with our intake process. Intake days: Monday through Friday.

You can call 214-421-1380 and speak to Anna at Ext. 1016. 

 
RESIDENT GUIDELINES
Request More Information
Requirements at Intake:

• Government-issued ID

(drivers license, military ID, jail ID, etc.).

• Social Security Card

If you do not have one, you must apply for one during your first 3 days.

• Marriage License (if applicable)

Married couples must have a marriage license• Children’s Birth Cirtificates

Children must have birth certificate, Social Security card and immunization record

• Belongings

Every person can bring 1, 13 gallon bag. Belongings must fit into our Pest Control Box for cleanliness standards.

RESIDENT GUIDELINES
Request More Information
Questions?

    Call us at 214.421.1380 and speak to our receptionist
    Email us at info@dallaslife.org

RESIDENT GUIDELINES
Request More Information
Stories From Our Graduates

jonny_side.jpg

    Johnny

Johnny and his wife hit hard times and found themselves at Dallas LIFE after drugs and other things made paying bills difficult.

READ THIS INSPIRING STORY

    1100 Cadiz Street Dallas, Texas 75215 214.421.1380 Fax: 214.426.5114 info@dallaslife.org Privacy Policy 

ECFA Accredited Charity DALLAS LIFE is a 501(c)(3) non-profit agency. We depend completely on support from generous individuals like you, foundations, corporations and churches. All donations to Dallas Life are tax deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law. © 2026 Dallas Life. All rights reserved. Tax ID #: 75-2336522

We will not sell or give away your name, address, phone number, or any other information you share with us. We have safeguards in place for protection of such information and we never sell or disclose this information to third parties!!! We see you not as a user, donor or number, but as a friend!
18 YEARS OF AMAZING SERVICE TO DALLAS LIFE

Need an IT Company?

TechSmarter can help. Backed by a team of experienced professionals, our strategic services meet the needs of all types and sizes of clients, from small startups to large firms, and deliver lasting changes with measurable growth. Please get in touch with us today to learn how TechSmarter can help define your companies’ future success. Visit our website at http://Techsmarter.net
