

    UNT Dallas Financial Aid & Scholarships Apply for Financial Aid Emergency Funding 

    Dates and Deadlines
    Step by Step instructions
    Verification
    Terms and Conditions
    Your Rights as an Applicant
    Summer Aid
    FAFSA Simplification
    Emergency Funding

Emergency Funding

UNT Dallas students with a temporary financial hardship resulting from a sudden emergency may apply for financial help through the Emergency Funding Program.
ELIGIBILITY & APPLICATION PROCESS

    Applicants must have a temporary financial hardship resulting from a sudden emergency, accident or unplanned event.

    The student’s capability to attend classes must be at jeopardy due to the emergency.

    Student must be in good standing with the institution.

    Applicants must be currently enrolled at UNT Dallas during the semester they seek financial assistance.

    Other financial resources must have been exhausted and are insufficient or not available in a timely manner.

    Funds can only be awarded to the student.

    Students must apply online via the Application for Emergency Funding.

    Applications must be complete and include documentation to support specific request.

        i.e. Documentation of the crisis situation: photo’s, doctor’s note, insurance claim, etc.

        Bills or invoices for payments to be made (as applicable)
    Student must meet with a Case Manager prior to funds being approved.
    Students may only request funding from the Emergency fund once per semester.
        Limit of $500/per semester
    Requests may be considered on a case by case basis if they are unique in nature.
    Funds will be available as university policy allows.

TYPICAL ALLOWABLE EXPENSES

    Utilities such as water or electricity bills, etc.
    This includes those utilities that contribute to student success (i.e. internet for online students)
    Replacement of essential personal items due to a fire, natural disaster, or theft
    Funds for immediate emergency shelter
    Safety needs (changing locks on vehicle or home)
    Prescriptions or other costs related to medical care
    Transportation needs
    Books

EXPENSES NOT ALLOWED

    Tuition
    Past due balances
    Household costs not related to fire, natural disaster, or theft
    Costs for entertainment or recreation
    Non-essential expenses
    Expenses you have as a result of poor financial management and not an emergency
    **All requests are reviewed on a case by case basis

It is not a guarantee that all applications will be approved and funded. All applicants will be required to meet with a Case Manager to discuss long-term solutions to the financial need.

 
